Mary plays the piano.
I am counting my calories, yet I really want dessert.
Don't step on the broken glass.
She did not cheat on the test, for it was not the right thing to do.
I am happy to take your donation; any amount will be greatly appreciated.
I want to buy a onesie… but know it won’t suit me.
Hurry!
She advised him to come back at once.
Let me help you with your baggage.
Please wait outside of the house.
She was too short to see over the fence.
The river stole the gods.
I often see the time 11:11 or 12:34 on clocks.
I currently have 4 windows open up… and I don’t know why.
She always speaks to him in a loud voice.
Sometimes it is better to just walk away from things and go back to them later when you’re in a better frame of mind.
He ran out of money, so he had to stop playing poker.
If Purple People Eaters are real… where do they find purple people to eat?
She only paints with bold colors; she does not like pastels.
When I was little I had a car door slammed shut on my hand. I still remember it quite vividly.
He said he was not there yesterday; however, many people saw him there.
Yeah, I think it's a good environment for learning English.
Italy is my favorite country; in fact, I plan to spend two weeks there next year.
I am never at home on Sundays.
Sixty-Four comes asking for bread.
My Mum tries to be cool by saying that she likes all the same things that I do.
I think I will buy the red car, or I will lease the blue one.
Two seats were vacant.
She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.
The book is in front of the table.
This is the last random sentence I will be writing and I am going to stop mid-sent
A glittering gem is not enough.
Sometimes, all you need to do is completely make an ass of yourself and laugh it off to realise that life isn’t so bad after all.
The sky is clear; the stars are twinkling.
I love eating toasted cheese and tuna sandwiches.
Everyone was busy, so I went to the movie alone.
If the Easter Bunny and the Tooth Fairy had babies would they take your teeth and leave chocolate for you?
She did her best to help him.
A song can make or ruin a person’s day if they let it get to them.
I checked to make sure that he was still alive.
Cats are good pets, for they are clean and are not noisy.
She works two jobs to make ends meet; at least, that was her reason for not having time to join us.
Christmas is coming.
The body may perhaps compensates for the loss of a true metaphysics.
Wednesday is hump day, but has anyone asked the camel if he’s happy about it?
The clock within this blog and the clock on my laptop are 1 hour different from each other.
Wow, does that work?
Abstraction is often one floor above you.
I will never be this young again. Ever. Oh damn… I just got older.
Last Friday in three week’s time I saw a spotted striped blue worm shake hands with a legless lizard.
I would have gotten the promotion, but my attendance wasn’t good enough.
The mysterious diary records the voice.
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
There were white out conditions in the town; subsequently, the roads were impassable.
Malls are great places to shop; I can find everything I need under one roof.
The stranger officiates the meal.
What was the person thinking when they discovered cow’s milk was fine for human consumption… and why did they do it in the first place!?
The lake is a long way from here.
A purple pig and a green donkey flew a kite in the middle of the night and ended up sunburnt.
Rock music approaches at high velocity.
She folded her handkerchief neatly.
I really want to go to work, but I am too sick to drive.
How was the math test?
He told us a very exciting adventure story.
I'd rather be a bird than a fish.
Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them.
She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.
The waves were crashing on the shore; it was a lovely sight.
The old apple revels in its authority.
He turned in the research paper on Friday; otherwise, he would have not passed the class.
It was getting dark, and we weren’t there yet.
We have a lot of rain in June.
Tom got a small piece of pie.
Is it free?
Lets all be unique together until we realise we are all the same.
Should we start class now, or should we wait for everyone to get here?
I was very proud of my nickname throughout high school but today- I couldn’t be any different to what my nickname was.
This is a Japanese doll.
Writing a list of random sentences is harder than I initially thought it would be.
They got there early, and they got really good seats.
Someone I know recently combined Maple Syrup & buttered Popcorn thinking it would taste like caramel popcorn. It didn’t and they don’t recommend anyone else do it either.
We have never been to Asia, nor have we visited Africa.
If you like tuna and tomato sauce- try combining the two. It’s really not as bad as it sounds.
I want more detailed information.
There was no ice cream in the freezer, nor did they have money to go to the store.
He didn’t want to go to the dentist, yet he went anyway.
The shooter says goodbye to his love.
Where do random thoughts come from?
If I don’t like something, I’ll stay away from it.
I hear that Nancy is very pretty.
The memory we used to share is no longer coherent.
We need to rent a room for our party.
Check back tomorrow; I will see if the book has arrived.