The memory we used to share is no longer coherent.
Everyone was busy, so I went to the movie alone.
The old apple revels in its authority.
The book is in front of the table.
I really want to go to work, but I am too sick to drive.
The lake is a long way from here.
This is the last random sentence I will be writing and I am going to stop mid-sent
The mysterious diary records the voice.
Let me help you with your baggage.
i hear that Nancy is very pretty.
she only paints with bold colors; she does not like pastels.
joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them.
where do random thoughts come from?
Italy is my favorite country; in fact, I plan to spend two weeks there next year.
Tom got a small piece of pie.
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
this is a Japanese doll.
We have never been to Asia, nor have we visited Africa.
we have a lot of rain in June.
Yeah, I think it's a good environment for learning English.
I think I will buy the red car, or I will lease the blue one.
They got there early, and they got really good seats.
He said he was not there yesterday; however, many people saw him there.
I often see the time 11:11 or 12:34 on clocks.
A purple pig and a green donkey flew a kite in the middle of the night and ended up sunburnt.
He turned in the research paper on Friday; otherwise, he would have not passed the class.
What was the person thinking when they discovered cow’s milk was fine for human consumption… and why did they do it in the first place!?
Lets all be unique together until we realise we are all the same.
She was too short to see over the fence.
Mary plays the piano.
I am counting my calories, yet I really want dessert.
Is it free?
When I was little I had a car door slammed shut on my hand. I still remember it quite vividly.
The sky is clear; the stars are twinkling.
I want to buy a onesie… but know it won’t suit me.
Don't step on the broken glass.
She did her best to help him.
Wow, does that work?
Malls are great places to shop; I can find everything I need under one roof.
There were white out conditions in the town; subsequently, the roads were impassable.
She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.
Sixty-Four comes asking for bread.
Writing a list of random sentences is harder than I initially thought it would be.
The clock within this blog and the clock on my laptop are 1 hour different from each other.
I want more detailed information.
Abstraction is often one floor above you.
A glittering gem is not enough.
Two seats were vacant.
Rock music approaches at high velocity.
She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.